Ouch.
What do we do now?
Master, I know you are strong
But for free his father has no friends
It's a revenge
A person who never gives up until the goal is achieved
He will definitely get revenge on you
Of course our bookshelves can protect you.
But it's hard to prevent a dark arrow from being fired
Or find a place to wait for a while
I just got back and have to leave again.
Then won't you become the laughing stock of others?
Don't worry.
Since Wu Xiang wants revenge
It will definitely point the finger at your bookshelf
Although crows can't compare to under the tree
But a mad dog doesn't want anyone
Okay, okay, what do we do?
Since friends want revenge
Then we'll do it first
We'll do it now.
What's up?